I hope you are very well and good
today is going to be a video a little bit
different from what they normally
I bring because I wanted to show you
you how I made this double braid
is super simple to do and me
loved because you quiet a
disaster with the hairstyles and I did it
also adding to my hair a little
of volume with some extensions I bought
some extensions online the truth came
very good hair I liked a lot but
the bad thing was that they came from one more color
clear of what you saw in the picture of
done watching other reviews of it
page I realized that many of them
The same thing happened as in the pictures
see a color and when you get to
another color but the quality is very very
good
and good
I said good no matter we're going to paint them
and I am left with a color a bit similar to
of my hair and it served me well enough
Now I have long hair and
you may wonder why you use
extensions and you will do it quietly in my
long hair but I have super straight and
it has almost no volume and there's
hairstyles like this that require it as
that kind of brigitte bardot hairstyles
I wanted to do them but the truth
that my hair looks little when I
I make too much volume up and I do not
like then why I sent them
order and are several curtains but I
I'm using nothing else one could have
one alone but I do not know if more
forward I can see the locution to cut me
hair or something because you know
that sometimes we like to change
and good way of seeing the experts and
just paint a curtain that is the one
I'm using right now and the others I'm going
to save I came
they gave me several they came to me very well
packaged and the truth I was delighted
I'm going to leave the link to go to
see what pages I bought them and what tone
I bought to give you an idea of ​​the tone
that would actually come to them if
will commission and good in general the quality
I liked the bad enough , I'll tell you
it was that a color came a little more
clear and yes I thought about the best painting me what
to change the look a bit but the
truth is that it was too light and
keep a hair of that tone is
difficult because he mistreats him very well
I did not want to so I preferred to paint them and
that's all let's see the ideas I hope
what they like
the extensions came in this box and
they came in a little bag like plastic and
also a net that does not
they tangled too much but they came in a tone
too light for my taste and what
I did was take two different dyes
tones to hit a bit to the tone
of my hair that I have at this moment
but still they were a little clearer
but it's fine because that's what I'm going to give them
a little light is so it mixes with
the hair very well and to paint the
Human hair extensions- you're going to
Do exactly as if it were your hair
because that's why they must be natural if
they are synthetic you will not be able to fight
and apply in the same way that is
very uniform and you leave it exactly for
the same time
and the lavas and the rinses of it
way and with the same care as if
you would do with your hair
now divide your hair in the part of
behind
and I'm only going to apply just one
curtain that is the longest
and they will hold up with the clips you do not
do you really care that these clips
they endure a lot and the truth almost
nobody will notice
and then comb them again so that they
mix with my see with my real hair
I will also use these lists
to tie my braid divide your hair
in two and start to braid your hair
normally this is very fast and easy
from the sides of your braid and pulling a
small amount in this way so that
be more loose appointment and with the other
half hair equal let's start
to braid
the trick is that when we pass the lock
near the parts of the braid that
we had loosened what we are going to join
putting it this way with the help
of your fingers is a very easy trick of
do
and you do not take anything with this braid
and in this way we are weaving and
every time we have the lock of hair
from that side
we put it through the strand cited that
we had loosened the other braid
and this is what we are doing until we reach
the bottom
and only tie one limits both
braids and it's ready
if you want to prevent the list from being noticed
just take a lock quoted and put it
around the league and with the help of a
boli pings that is more or less of the tone
of your hair you put it this way and
ready
I think it's a perfect hairstyle for the
summer
I hope that today you have
liked the entertaining that we go
that you liked that we have done
something a little different that serves them
the review with that is all for the video
today I send you many kisses and
us next